In order to participate in the exercises and the project,
you will need access to an AWS account.
Your user should be set up with Console and programmatic access.
You will also need a Git client in order to
interact with the repositories used in the project.
I recommend you also installed AWS CLI,
as you will need to run commands against your AWS account for some of the exercises.
Finally, in some of the walkthroughs,
I have made use of certain tools which have been run on a Linux-like command line.
In order to follow along,
set up an environment with Terraform 12.
I'm confident you have these set up if you've
completed the previous courses in the nanodegree.